Hello everyone, I 'm in favor
and quite a while we had no video on gta
Wai City Stories
although this video is not only about ready
forest dough pro gta liberty city
stories and quite a while we had no bugs
albeit minor and to me very often
already sent one tank saying that
you can shoot yourself and not
to die that is to me though it was clear
understand how to shoot yourself to
get well and here I have a bunch of ways
More precisely the way on the 1st floor is already a bunch of people
sent this way thanks all i
surely tried promised
try and now is the time when
I shoot a video and so all we need
this is a machine and weapons that go around
shoot I advise a car some
well more so that it does not explode
when you shoot yourself
Well, for example in gta or here that is
can do on find buy blink pro
2 machines also vai city stories
Well let's start will not
I take a weapon for a long time and take a dimple
We aim somewhere and here you see the blood
flowing means principle we all fall
such a simple puddle and
exactly so simple not needed but
Still, the tank and I think you are waiting for new
bugs so jetta write if you know to
who else tank
I will be very, very happy to make a video
if you will be the first who I have it
sent and I would not know about this
Korch karoch if you decide to buy a new one
It can not even be interesting but
still tank and you will probably
single or first then most likely
if I don't forget I will call you a video there
I will leave the link but if
forget powerful for comments and what are you
I totally fucked thebat you sent me
did not even thank so remember that
they memory me total 0 therefore
sure if I will honor forget
write well what's so small
video thank you all for watching signed
channel put like comment with you
I was a tooth good luck and bye